Fix linter issues (#156)
EcoExtreML/STEMMUS_SCOPE: pull_request_template.md

- [ ] @mentions of the person or team responsible for reviewing proposed changes.
- [ ] This pull request has a descriptive title.
- [ ] Code is written according to the [guidelines](http://cnl.sogang.ac.kr/cnlab/lectures/programming/matlab/Richard_Johnson-MatlabStyle2_book.pdf).

> - [ ] The code complies with the [MISS_HIT style checker and linter](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/STEMMUS_SCOPE/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#follow-matlab-style-guidelines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The checks by [MISS_HIT style checker and linter](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/STEMMUS_SCOPE/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#follow-matlab-style-guidelines), below the pull request, are successful (green).
```
